Node distribution (#60)
AAU-Dat/P9-ZKP: report/src/sections/05-results.tex

\section{Results}\label{sec:results}

\subsection{Connected peers}\label{subsec:connected-peers}
Throughout the experiment, we kept track of the number of peers our node was connected to.

> The number of connected peers is shown in Figure~\ref{fig:peersconnected}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of connected peers is shown in~\autoref{fig:peersconnected}.
```
